Q: What is a good way to make your academic essays longer? 

○ Use some different types of paragraphs to add more body paragraphs.
Use bigger font so the paper looks longer than it is.
Repeat my major points several times in the essay.

Q: Argument essays should have at least how many reasons to support the argument? 

○ 3
1
0
2

Q: Which sentence below has a correctly formatted quotation (using MLA format)? 

○ There is more for Samsung to worry about because it "has been facing stiff competition for its premium smartphones from rival Apple” (Becker).     
There is more for Samsung to worry about because it "has been facing stiff competition for its premium smartphones from rival Apple.” (Becker).     
There is more for Samsung to worry about because it "has been facing stiff competition for its premium smartphones from rival Apple” (Becker)
There is more for Samsung to worry about because it "has been facing stiff competition for its premium smartphones from rival Apple.” (Becker)

Q: Which sentence below has a correctly formatted quotation (using MLA format)?

○ He explains that they “edit and re-edit digital messages as much as they like until they decide they’ve perfectly conveyed their thoughts” (Ghuman).    
He explains that they “edit and re-edit digital messages as much as they like until they decide they’ve perfectly conveyed their thoughts.” (Ghuman)    
He explains that they “edit and re-edit digital messages as much as they like until they decide they’ve perfectly conveyed their thoughts (Ghuman)."    
He explains that they “edit and re-edit digital messages as much as they like until they decide they’ve perfectly conveyed their thoughts.” (Ghuman).    

Q: Which of the following are types of paragraphs (modes of discourse) that you can use to help develop an argument essay? 

○ description, argument, compare/contrast, narrative
illustration, argument, cause/effect, discussion
discussion, illustration, narrative, classification
argument, discussion, development, illustration

Q: What type of body paragraph is this? The art teacher's first day ... his students were so talented.

○ narration
description
illustration
process

Q: What type of body paragraph is this? This apartment ... for two roommates to live.

○ description
narration
illustration
process

Q: Which of the following are features of an advanced argument essay?  Check all that apply.

○ It uses outside sources to support the argument.
○ It uses a variety of paragraph types to develop the argument.
It uses personal stories to develop the argument.
It uses short body paragraphs to support the argument.

Q: What do you have to remember to do when you use an outside source in your academic essays?  Check all that apply.

○ Use quotation marks if copying words.
○ Cite the source.
○ Use correct formatting, such as MLA.
○ Integrate or blend the quoted words with your own words.
Make the borrowed words seem like my own words.
Use quotations to start the body paragraphs.