Q: What is an essay?

○ A piece of writing with multiple paragraphs focused around one topic
A piece of writing with multiple paragraphs around several topics
A piece of writing with one paragraph around multiple topics
A piece of writing with one paragraph around one topic

Q: All of the following are effective ways to write an introductory paragraph for an essay EXCEPT which one?

○ Explain several reasons to support your thesis statement.
Start with general statements and get more specific.
Start with a surprising statement.
Start with an interesting hook or anecdote.

Q: All of the following are rules of academic writing EXCEPT which one?

○ Use specific pronouns, such as "I," "me," "we," and "us."
Use the format that your teacher requires.
Cite outside sources in a correct format.
Use correct grammar and punctuation.

Q: What are the two required parts of a good thesis statement?

○ Topic and controlling idea
Topic and compelling idea
Thesis and controlling idea
Thesis and compelling idea

Q: Which of the following should you do in your thesis statement?

○ Write a statement that is not too popular or obvious.
Announce your thesis statement.
Use pronouns to refer to people and things that you will write about.
Write a clear, logical fact.

Q: In a body paragraph, which of the following sentences has a purpose similar to that of the thesis statement?

○ Topic sentence
Supporting idea
Detail
Example

Q: Which of the following words will definitely make a thesis statement arguable?

○ Should
Shall
Could
Can

Q: True or False? Supporting ideas are more specific than the topic sentence in a body paragraph.

○ True
False

Q: True or False? A good paragraph should have at least two topic sentences.

○ False
True

Q: How do you create coherence in an essay?

○ Use transitions.
Use examples.
Use supporting ideas.
Use topic sentences.

Q: True or False? The purpose of body paragraphs is to support the thesis statement of an essay?

○ True
False

Q: True or False? An academic essay usually needs 2 body paragraphs to support the thesis statement.

○ False
True