Q: Which underlined word has a mistake? We enjoy riding motorcycles. Modern motorcycles are lighter and faster than they was 30 years ago.

○ was
motorcycles
years
enjoy

Q: Which underlined word has a mistake? My mother was mad at me because I had told her I would be home at 6:00, but I come home at 9:00.

○ come
was
would
had told

Q: Which underlined word has a mistake? Next year, my family buy a house in Canada. We are going to visit it every summer.

○ buy
in Canada
are going
We

Q: Which underlined word has a mistake? We watched a good movie last night and told our friends about it. Now, they want to see it too. All of us are going to see it again tonight after we are eating dinner.

○ are eating
are going to see
told
watched

Q: Which underlined word has a mistake? Mary loves to shop, so she left work early today and asked her friend to meet her at the mall. The two of them spending eight hours buying dresses and shoes.

○ spending
left
loves
asked

Q: Which underlined word has a mistake? The dentist told me that my teeth were healthy, but he want me to go back for a check up soon. I will make another appointment next week when I am free.

○ want
will make
told
am free

Q: Which sentence is punctuated correctly?

○ The children sang and danced.
The children, sang and danced.
The children sang, and danced.

Q: Which sentence is punctuated correctly?

○ Tariq and Jordan joined the soccer game and helped the team win.
Tariq and Jordan, joined the soccer game and helped the team win.
Tariq and Jordan joined the soccer game, and helped the team win.

Q: Which sentence uses commas correctly?

○ Jane watched a movie, but Steve read a book.
Jane watched a movie but Steve, read a book.
Jane watched a movie, but Steve, read a book.

Q: Which sentence is punctuated correctly?

○ The test was difficult, but we knew all of the answers.
The test was difficult however we knew all of the answers.
The test was difficult but we knew all of the answers.

Q: Which sentence is punctuated correctly?

○ Michael and Sam gave Paul and me some tips on how to throw a basketball, but they didn't help with our form.
Michael and Sam, gave Paul and me some tips on how to throw a basketball but didn't help with our form.
Michael and Sam gave Paul and me some tips on how to throw a basketball, but didn't help with our form.